Welcome to AV testing podcast your modern testing podcast your hosts Alan and
Brent will be here to guide you through topics on testing leadership agile and
anything else that comes to mind now on with the show hello it's Alan oh and
Brent so I was just gonna say hi but then Brent started doing a very like
imagine the worst possible dad dance ever the white white guy yeah dad doesn't
know how to dance dance oh yeah there it is again oh god like we are a much better
podcast hey everybody it's episode 198 of the AV testing podcast and we got
Brent and his cat here never reason we gotta start if you and I weren't so damn
ugly we should totally like livestream our podcast I would I mean us being ugly
is it the blocker number one I mean there's I've seen worse on on YouTube
number two though this is where it does become a problem like if you're really
concerned about that like doing the whole like extra editing a video to like
buzz out the fact that I'm a fatty fat ass from fatty land it just seems like
more work and in you know low maintenance better oh it's freaking tax
season and I'm gonna be I'm poor when that happened when I left unity I had a
whole bunch of stock options at a price I could not let expire so I bought them
all oh now I gotta pay the AMT and all those things yeah I'm still gonna be net
ahead this is a first world problem I'm just gonna sell some of them because now
I'm past the tax period I'll get it it is definitely a first world I'm complaining I
have to give some of my money to the government unlike our our former
president's fan of states who never have to do anything and be accountable ever I
have I'm accountable for my funds and my taxes I'm gonna pay them no okay
we could comment me too me too the only thing the only thing I would say
is I've had Turbo Tax tell me for multiple years in a row that I should be
doing AMT and I just went no and thus far I haven't had a love letter telling me
otherwise yay Brent okay all right on with the show here we go here we go we
have a new segment I do not have a theme song for it but there's it's gonna
go into a topic I wanted to discuss with you because it involves our time
together at Microsoft and before and I have a whole arc an arc Brent an arc in
my head oh in your head okay my head and you're gonna discover as we go the new
segment I'm gonna write a song for this at some point but the new segment is
called what's on Alan's desk okay what's on Alan's desk so a couple things
like it should be like jazzy yeah I got to work on it my voice is a little better
yeah I'll lay something down but I bring it up cuz right before we didn't we talked
actually I loved our last podcast I looked at editing I didn't get like bored
and mad like yeah I like this topic and then Jason Arbin messaged me from my
basement on LinkedIn and told me cuz he lives down there apparently and he told
me like all like he was excited about all the things we talked about and anyway
because you can do this you just have to do blah hook up the reverse ornithopter
into the subjugated a I am certain you're paraphrasing paraphrasing slightly yes
yes so and the reason I'm bringing that back cuz last week I would I had how to
measure anything the wonderful Hubbard book on my desk because I was gonna
write a blog post about it but I also want to talk to you about it because I
don't know if we ever talked about that have we talked about how to measure
anything on the pot I am maybe a long long time ago I'm okay whether we have or
not I have distinct memories of us doing so because it's fantastic okay I
have another book on my desk that you probably haven't read our books are kind
of fetish right we've definitely talked about that one right we talked about
that one we talked about Reese we talked about Reiner son's book Nicole is our
current favorite unless you're about to show me a new no no no this is this
is an old book but it's relevant I've been thinking about it a lot and I'm
probably gonna write a blog post about this weekend but I realize there's so
much I want to talk about some of the transitions Microsoft went to and we can
talk about what I was there about some of these things and I want to hear some
of your don't tell me anything you're not allowed to but it's fine I think
okay thank you get where I'm going but before we get there I want to show you
a couple things well this one doesn't hooked up yet I spent a lot of time
this weekend mucking around with just setting up a bunch of Docker containers
to do random crap on my network and I say I have all of my CDs ripped to flak to
flak lost it's like as think it's like a zip file for a wave it's non it's
compressed but it's locked completely lossless okay and over time with
Spotify doing what they do where did you do that like three year three or
four years ago okay five years ago six years ago I did you know the mp3 yeah
and I still have them and I'm like okay there's better things now I just don't
feel like doing it again so I'm not gonna do it again I'm gonna take my CDs and
try and find out what one does with like 3,000 CDs I also have all of my flak on
let me know because I have I don't have 3,000 but I have at least 700 when I
move the time before last I found a couple huge stacks of blank DVDs about
what the fuck am I gonna do with these so anyway flak backed up to Glacier
storage cost like $2 a month to keep them all backed up so I will never have
to record them again but also they sound better noticeably better compared to an
mp3 and probably half my CD collections unavailable on Spotify so all good and
I have an old Kindle that I haven't Kindle color thing whatever it's called
Kindle fire can be fire fire and what I can't do with it is anything because it's
old and slow and can't be upgraded anymore but I want to see if I can get a use it
as a controller for one of the I installed a music indexing service and
then put a subsonic output on it so I can other things so I can play it to my
Sonos speakers and I want to see if I can make the only thing blocking me now
is easy access to control and play those so that's on my desk little hacking
project gonna happen this week oh so you're gonna hack your Amazon fire and
make it into a zoo we're gonna see we're gonna see but even better if we get a
little deeper here I am recording on my very nice mix pre 3 we used to have you
coming into track 3 on this over the internet via USB you are now coming your
own audio track on Riverside FM which I'm very happy with because it allows me
to do things like this and not only are they recorded for you and I to hear if
all goes well but it also is recorded right into track 3 so the backup
recording I'm making has this and it sounds like this
oh yeah awesome so so you are now like even closer to like a real DJ I want to
be a DJ and I'm gonna edit this part out for surprise that's gonna be fun too I
have absolutely no control I have no idea how many buttons you've implemented I
have it going on it makes me so happy and I can only imagine how happy you are
all of our paid subscribers will be so happy so yeah all right so many other
things on my on my desk I'm not gonna talk about all of them it's kind of
what's new so I don't know about you man my desk is like I work here but it has
the stuff I want to keep in hand like accelerate lean startup lean analytics
writer some book they're all over there but occasionally a book but I it's
influencing me Brent's trying to distract me find this way to my desk
because it it means something in the moment okay I don't know if you ever
read this this was written by holy cow in the late 90s 2000s early 2000s okay
do you remember Bob Herbal why do I know that name he was that that's
someone I know right yeah he was the CEO at Microsoft in the 90s and early 2000s
okay I don't know personally but yeah and before I go on from there I didn't
know at the time I was young and dumb and new but I can talk it's been over a
year I don't think there's any NDAs nor anyone cares but when I decided to leave
unity unity was an absolutely fantastic place to work with really really great
people it I just disagreed with the direction the leadership was like I was I
was leadership the two the two levels of leadership above me our COO and our
c-suite where we're going in and I'm not gonna go into names of the idiots on
there but I felt like our CEO John who I really really liked and he was
really good it was just a little bit again as is me observing from the side it
was too big for him he was better and smaller org I don't know if he didn't know
how to ask for help or he got the wrong help but I remember having long
conversations with my boss the CTO saying he John needs a COO an operating
officer he is he was really good at interfacing with the customers and
figured out where we're going kind of being a face someone needed to run the
company it's kind of like what I did for a lot of my managers at Microsoft I would
say you you you manage the people I'll run your business but anyway yeah that
aside I didn't know what he did I actually wanted to do this job at you I
know they've never hired me for it because John wouldn't have hired anybody
for that job because he didn't want to get the help but anyway seeing it was a
CEO it made me think about that but the reason I bring him up is he wrote a
book came out in early 2000s I can't find a date on here so I'm gonna say
early 2000s it's called the fiefdom syndrome I have not read that book not
many people have and I don't even remember I do remember why I bought it
and I'm gonna come back to that because friggin the company was riddled with
that shit well it wasn't I was young enough and new enough of my career it
it rang true to me and then when I read the book it's like holy shit and
some of this comes from Proctor and Gamble and other big companies but a
couple things I'll talk about while you're typing and looking up I think we
all know it's like I talk about silos often fiefdoms and silos they are from
the from the book jacket because it's way better than chat GP teaching the
problem begins when individuals groups or divisions out of fear seek to make
themselves vital to their organizations and unconsciously or sometimes
deliberately try to protect their turf and gain as much control as possible
over what goes on one it's interesting cuz I'm I I forgot that pockets of this
exist in the industry I remembered at Microsoft I remember it so well I oh I
can tell you so many stories in fact I'm gonna tell one bad Microsoft story and
then I want you to talk to me like I don't quite remember how it got better I
was involved in some of it but I hurt my shoulder like a long time ago it
hurt to reach behind me for like a year and then it didn't but I didn't notice
when it stopped just kind of was gone and maybe I just stopped paying
attention or maybe I made my own fiefdoms I didn't pay attention I want to
talk about that a little bit but the story I want to tell around fiefdoms is
you know one of Microsoft's all-time best programs ever something a
flagship that they should really hang their hat on is Bob Microsoft SharePoint
SharePoint still a viable product it's all right let me finish my story I
early 2000 Stack Overflow was going gangbusters they didn't have the whole
Stack Overflow thing in fact way back then they had a business model well they
would set license Stack Overflow to corporations to run as an internal Q&A
site with all the goodness of Stack Overflow to kind of archive knowledge
at the time and probably still today you don't have to let me know but at the
time Microsoft had dozens and dozens of thought hundreds of hundreds of DL's
where people discussed everything from Win32 programming to C++ to com to SQL
Server to blah blah blah special interest groups DL's tons and tons of
them yeah that so that still exists okay so at the time so I thought wow
because I was a big Stack Overflow fan I was early user I thought we need to get
that from Microsoft but when I was working in that EE group and I had
autonomy to go talk to them so I did and I I won't say I talked to important
people there and I got us the deal of the century to bring Stack Overflow
into Microsoft and get all that technology here the only worry from our
my senior leadership at that time the only worry was what if because we wanted
to get it for just let's just use it for these teams and what if everybody uses it
it's like oh no what if super excited we are down to like we're ready to put
a contract out and and they're gonna fly out and get it set up for us and
some senior leader and SharePoint blocked it he said no everything they're doing
are features we're going to have in SharePoint someday so we don't want you
bringing this in it's worse it's worse so that was like oh okay and for years I
had a doc on our intranet people would go to our internal site and they
emailed me for years going hey this ever what happened this what happened
so not only did they this VP in SharePoint SVP GM whatever he was block our
usage of Stack Overflow they insisted that I cut off my con my my conversations
with the folks at Stack Overflow completely they made me ghost them I
couldn't even tell them we weren't pursuing I just had to ghost them
completely what was the guidance I got if one of the most angry times I've
ever been in my life and I just want to make a good thing happen for everyone and
I got waylaid by someone trying to build a fiefdom did legal give you that
guidance or was it no no no it came from I don't know where it came from it
eventually came through me through my boss said this got blocked blah blah blah
and you are not to say one more word stuff okay well if it came from your
boss anyway fiefdoms actually I'm gonna shut up for a second cuz I have
all kinds of stuff from the book I want to bring up but we used to have a lot
more of those at Microsoft and even in the end when we had we still had
competition a little bit of backstabbing but I don't remember the fiefdom so do
you remember what happened to them all or are they still there and I didn't know
oh no there is remnants of them still here but it's now remnants right it's
essentially Satya has slowly but surely chipped at it and it's it's I think
working at Microsoft you wouldn't you wouldn't recognize it nearly as much I
was trying to load up the old-school diagram of like the Microsoft
communication structure where it's essentially orgs all pointing guns at
each other yeah yeah that was very famous people it's amazing probably once
every four or five months someone will send that to me and say have you seen
this it's hilarious so yeah yeah lived it lived it lived it and glad it's dead
there's still every so often I see it pop up but the number of times I go
what a bunch of old-school crap right that has rapidly fallen like I think I
have said it twice in the last two years right the idea of collaboration
partnership psychological safety and that is absolutely on the rise what yeah I
didn't know anyone at Microsoft could pronounce psychological safety we do
have the education team I mean what are they doing yeah but if you think about it
back in those days right so number one Bill Gates very famously would give two
entire divisions the same mission right when I first started right exchange owned
email the server and schedule plus make the calendar a nap and I forgot those
cost of plus anyway go on yeah that was no it's alright it's alright check it out
it's the only remember back in the day when you ship something you got it I
know I got a Windows Millennium box on my bookshelf over there so the only
one I kept was schedule plus because that was my I just need to have a bonfire
that was my first anyway back in those days they would literally set up things
number one where where divisions would compete with each other without realizing
they were competing with each other I remember when it bubbled down it took
like a year before the exchange team learned that even the outlook team had
even been formed we're like what the hell is this crap what's going on right now
where did where does the feet thumbs come from my hypothesis is people are
trying to get control because they're in an incentive model that encourages blame
yeah and that herbal says some of the same things I agree the Wiltsian model
that Steve bomber was in love with right aka the the bell curve model oh yeah
okay that incentive model number one does not work in the software industry
it was developed for sales team and makes sense in the sales team bomber only
new run sales teams right and so that has caused a lot of harm yeah and and
it's actually still causing harm right I have young kids coming out of college
like you and I have talked about I think we've talked about I actually
believe that in high-tech we're going to see overall the the value of high-tech
skills from a price tag from a salary point of view the supply of people with
these skills particularly with LLM and things like that it's far greater than the
demand and so I I see I expect to see sort of a salary adjustment on that front
over the next let me expand on that I want to get back to fiefdoms and how I
just a little over how they went away but I think you're on to something there
I think tech skill the technical skills are yeah they're on a path to be
overrated and perhaps overpaid yeah I was talking to someone last week and
and actually I'm got re-invited re-renewed I'm on the alumni board at my
own University because I'm a big liberal arts fan and talk about the the how
important it is to be able to talk to people and influence people and get
along with people and emotional quotient and I think people with critical
thinking and high emotional quotient those that's like the new top
knowledge worker at some point I would add one more to that and I almost think I
would put it top of your list you probably have a better way of phrasing it
but I think that the especially told my daughter this I think the jobs of the
future the number one skill set is the ability to learn and apply in the
shortest amount of time we read that in a whole new mind by pink or I read it in
a whole new mind by pink talking about the rise of the knowledge worker in
general because that's what knowledge workers do and good knowledge workers
have short feedback loops on their learning one of the things I've looked
for for decades now in hiring is not your ability Google to sort a binary
tree while standing on your head drinking a jar of Kool-Aid it's the it's the
passion for learning yeah like 100% if you look at I've you know I was a in
Microsoft I've hired you know a thousand people whatever maybe maybe
less but a lot a lot of people the ones that I got to follow like the people
who were definite hires for me it's like I would ask questions try and gauge
their passion for learning like and then the canonical example I use I
probably told us on a podcast once but I look for the things on your resume that
aren't tech because by the time you get to me you've had the tech questions I
say oh you're interested in photography cool tell me a little bit about that oh
I like to take pictures with my phone and I saved them and sometimes I send
them to my family that's answer one I go oh that's great a little bit a
little bit sarcastic and I get person number two I said well tell you about
that and they say oh I really got into it last year and I got this I learned
about this camera talk to a friend so I went to this internet site I learned
this and this I do this as I go to I organized a photography critique once a
week we meet in each gorgeous photos we try and find different ways to improve
them I do this and that's like like okay that person is going to be
successful in any field of knowledge work the fact that you're a kick-ass
programmer to come join my team come today tomorrow right yeah right next to
me it's amazing success rate those people they're there they don't they
don't flame out and dud they crush it I I have I have a new employee on my team
relatively was the newest and I don't know if she still listens but when she
joined the team for she was listening the podcast a great deal so if you're still
listening hi Katie okay she joined the team and Microsoft started this new type
of interview style and it is literally off of potential we literally do not
care if you know anything I don't know the questions but she got hired through
this potential process very cool she she how come you fixed all the broken stuff
that nobody gave his shit about after I left just ask him ask him for a friend
anyway go on maybe you were the final straw that where sure that company
realized yeah that's what happened oh my god we lost Ellen we need to make a
change she came in she has a PhD in cognitive science like she literally was
doing brain surgery on rats as part of her doctorate and postdoc work okay and
she has a bunch of fun stories about that process I just I'm enthralled by it I'm
fascinated by it okay now she did some stats work for her PhD I don't know how
many PhDs you can get and not at least do some stats work but really didn't
know much about that a science does not know much about development but she is
hungry to learn and the one thing that I got into her very quickly and and this
is something where a lot of the PhD candidates I've talked to they struggle
with this I got her to understand very quickly that ideating in academia is
well praised ideating but not executing an industry is is a coffin nail in the
coffin and that's a common trap PhDs fall into and they come in it is so
kudos on you have a call on that outfit based on what you told me already I
don't think it would be an issue it really isn't like there was a couple of
times I'm like hey you're doing it like let me give you and so I had to like
observe her see what she was doing and and make adjustments and say look you can
do like what you as an example she's like okay I don't know what I want to execute
so I want to explore a bunch of stuff and I said how about this you just pick
one close it think about the things that you're exploring and then you can
iterate fast feedback loop and and she's she's starting to do that and it's it's
just fantastic she's I view her as a as a long-term investment and the more
knowledge and and how to do things I can stuff between her ears the better this
company is going to be in the long run I am now I am now having her entirely own
an entire service by my team but and with which involves code and it's ML back
and including like the deployment in and into production which passed has to go
through all of these security bars right and she just joined us this August I
think only two years TLDR Brand has an awesome new employee hired on potential
rather than lead code so you brought up something in there that I want this is a
point I wanted to get to but you also mentioned it long-term investment growth
here's my worry I listen to the Daily Show not not the good one at night the
podcast because he's called the daily and last week they had an episode talking
about the growth the aging workforce and how 20 years ago people weren't
working into their 60s but now with longer life expectancies people are
gonna work till they're older and who knows if I will or not but got me
thinking about me I thought no I mean I may but here is the challenge the
problem is and Satya was a 10 out of 10 hire from Microsoft but I would talk
about John at Unity he was very much old-school RTO some stuff he's very
very strict on I worry I worry that some of the things that herbal talks about
getting rid of fiefdoms he's like you know clear goals transparency
psychological safety engagement you know learning the things that are important
to growing a great org are not in the wheelhouse for like if you look at larger
companies they're I mean even Satya's late 50s early late 50s but he's he's an
exception he has a high growth mindset yes what I worry about is companies
across the board but I worry that they're going to have CEOs who are going
to work into their 60s and 70s I and they will stick let me finish here and
they will stick to their old guns and do stuff the old way when honestly I want
this is like this is the whole thing with the president I want a freaking 45
year old president I want a 40 year old CEO there are people capable of doing it
I want people with new ideas and about how these new knowledge workers we
talked about earlier and what we need from them I want people who get that
leading the companies but I don't think we're gonna get that in my lifetime I
how do I want to say this on recorded podcast let's try it this way sometimes
I just say it and because I own the editing I think I just fix it later
you're like oh no I didn't say it that way I actually said it this way yeah I
I think I talked about it on so DNI like I'm a huge supporter of DNI a huge
supporter of diversity and inclusion who's gonna say they're not well so
here's the thing I get what you're saying but go somewhere so the the
diversity and inclusion right I went and looked at the research okay and
shocking the research does not show that it has anything to do with what body
parts you have or don't have what color your skin is or isn't or in this
particular case your age what the research shows is that people with
certain body parts show a characteristic okay and it's that characteristic that
matters okay so for example there's a specifically women women who companies who
have women CEOs dramatically outperform companies that don't zero percent
surprised now the question is is why and one of the big characteristics is
that women generally number one arm are more cautious around risk whereas men
generally you're gonna see them we are going to bet the farm on this like I am
never working for that guy again that person who's like we are going to bet the
farm take the hill I'm never working for that idea okay the and I've worked
through many of them Brian Valentine women are also more collaborative they
value more of a partnership right and so sure if you want to improve your your
company and you don't and you don't want to do the hard work sure go by body
part that fine but the thing is it's higher the collaborator higher the someone
that doesn't make artificial hyperbolic tic visions we will win blah blah blah
right and on my age aside like the thing you're talking about it bothers me
because I'm like okay like you don't want the 40 year old person what you
want is the guy that is just masterful on the growth mindset yes and and what
I'm saying is you're absolutely right what I'm saying is my hypothesis is is they
do not have like the odds of me finding a growth mindset and a 40 year old are
much higher than a 65 65 year old white dude that's my hypothesis okay go run
the data and what I would say is yeah I'm still not willing to use that as a
heuristic I would rather spend the extra time and say okay if we're going to do
something like that like and honestly I think it would potentially make a lot of
sense because I will say I absolutely think for example corporate heads inside
of China which is something I think about in terms of a competitive high-tech
environment I think they in general are much more growth mindset then okay then
the tech CEOs here in the United States I just it's in my position obviously like
a hundred and fifty years older than everybody on my team but I look at the
the one-on-ones and meetings I have is kind of a reverse mentorship at least
partially I learned like I get so much hope from people that embrace growth and
love to learn and and I don't get that I use the unity example it's like being
stuck in your ways like I'll tell you about a conversation I had you'll love
with the different exec at the previous company sorry I know people from unity
lists I'm not love the company didn't like where it went and I'm picking on
you it's just you do you I had a conversation like this I was right before
a bunch of layoffs happened I was involved in a discussion to experiment
with the four-day workweek there is a bunch of data showing it works nobody's
ever done it with the big company and I get it and I did this because we're gonna
weave our way back to the people to know eventually I did this because at
Microsoft as you know Brent you're you don't stop accruing vacation ever it just
cuts off at the end of the year whatever your max is you can only carry over your
max maybe that's changed don't don't don't wreck me here what I didn't realize
is that when I went to unity you would get to a point anytime during the year
if you had your max vacation accrued you just didn't earn vacation so I was
like not getting vacation while I was working I was at my max and screw this
guy takes vacation days it's a pandemic I got nowhere to go so I took like every
Friday off for July and August and there's some reasons that that was not as
good as it should have been because my team and teams around me were working on
those days for some work was piling up but I got more done in those eight weeks
than I probably did at almost any other time because a couple things happen
one is you know you're only working four days you focus and bear down a little
bit more but that's barely it that's maybe that most 10% of the productivity
the amount of extra productivity you get from it it's not that the four day work
week it's the three day weekend every week and planning on that one day to
rest one day to get shit done one day is for a mentally prepared so anyway I
loved it pitched it a bunch of people were excited about there's a channel
we're talking about it I had an idea for a pilot pilot I convinced HR I didn't
know what it meant we talked through it okay we're gonna do this then things got
weird with layoffs a bad idea but I presented all this data this is a long
story didn't even this I didn't even need to tell and probably thought in his head but I
we had an exec with a huge background in data and he said oh you just sort of
flat out 40 work weeks don't work I said what about all the data supporting
it he goes oh I don't believe that data okay well there you go I'm lost this is
critical thinking to anytime if you present Brent if you tell me something
I don't believe in I'm not gonna want stupid you tell me actually if you look
the sky is always brown I go oh well I think you're wrong but I'm gonna go do
some research to figure out why you think that way and maybe there's a
like maybe there's a condition maybe there's something that anytime I get
data that I have cognitive dissonance I am driven to go figure out where that
motivation for you to tell me this obviously wrong thing is coming from and
sometimes I find out that I'm the wrong person and an unwillingness to do
that is unhealthy for leaders you cannot so your hypothesis the way I think of it
is you cannot have a growth mindset in an active confirmation bias simultaneously
I think if that's your hypothesis I think I agree okay right it's it's people who
who well I have all this data well I just don't believe it well can I see it
like I will tell you I will tell you like an event that happened happened the
other day so I've been there's a certain set of like Azure white
strategic strategy meetings that I often get called in and this time I got called
in and they're like hey we want to make this change on this KPI we want to push
this out we want to understand what what you think and I started off with okay
well I don't have this data can someone give me a histogram and they were like
the hell like to them which is mostly program managers but to them that that
was like you like an out-there question like what and I saw the histogram the
histogram looked exactly what I expected it to look like and so I asked
them to do a transformation on this and then I was like oh look at this and I
walked through and I said this is what this is saying this is what this is
saying I very transparently was a data whisperer this is what this means this
is how you handle it this is why I'm suggesting this and I walked through my
answer their question but it is a long term okay I found out today that at
least one of the PM's who is very data savvy he just hasn't learned it like
this happened a week ago and he's still freaking talking about it today he's like
oh that thing they put like it was like I gave him a brand new toy at Christmas
which I did by the way because this is very lightweight it's very approachable
and I'm like we need more of those people those people that listen and
can think for themselves and learn the technique and apply it to new things and
less of the intuitionist like I have been here forever right now that I've done
this for 20 years I know what I'm doing son yeah if if you're if your tenure is
part of your title it's time for you to go right if your qualification is purely
measured it's it's not it a growth mindset is it's got its pros and cons
like I'll tell you so I actively have a growth mindset I invest in things and I
will tell you sometimes there are years where none of them land and you know
what we're valued on the results that we've brought and I accept that okay but
when they do land they land major okay and it's okay it's okay it's yeah I'm not
gonna get awesome reviews every time but the fear of oh I am going to get blamed
and therefore I am going to get into the the shit score in the bell curve and
then fired and then I and my family is all going to be homeless living in a box
next to the 7-eleven right that's not effective driving productivity when
Microsoft did it in those worlds that beat them mentality helping you to circle
back to the yeah and you and you were there a second ago yeah I'm going back
the world of that beat them mentality back in those days Microsoft I swear to
God this is true from my experience on a day-to-day basis we spent at the ground
level far more of our time competing with each other then competing with our
competitors yeah and there's a famous Simon Sinek story he talks about he went
to visit Microsoft some you know the leadership off-site and they spent the
whole time talking about talking about how they were gonna beat their
competitors it's adjacent what you said he went to an Apple went to an Apple
similar meeting and they spent all day talking about how they were going to
please the customer and yeah it's not vibes so what's interesting so I you're
absolutely right that this fear of failure this fear of blame is this I gotta
make myself important is where a thief terms come from I'm not gonna hypothesize
about Satya but herbal talks about like the solution to fiefdom is pretty
simple clear organization wide goals and leaders are on point to foster a culture
of collaboration yeah and which is we all have our principles around that but
psychological safety is part of it to give people room to experiment room to
talk and room to fail room to learn number one I really like what you just
said and I'm wondering if there's some sort of maturity model there like
gotta help Lois Lois is you're competing internally within your own company to
you're competing externally to me it does feel like it's a better approach to
say hey look let's figure out how to make the customer happy right it because
we the problem with like competing in this happened in the incentive model if
you and I were competing with each other no I don't need to be good I just
need to convince others that you were worse absolutely 1 million percent yes
and when you go after okay how do I get customers to love us no now you're
changing the bar you have to be good it not not just the least sucky I like
that there's one last thing that I was in a meeting that so I attend a lot of
meetings nowadays with with senior executives and I was with one this was
four or five years ago before COVID that was Scott Guthrie do you know who that
is yeah yeah okay and he made a statement that I think about every week
literally it has stuck with me and and I may actually circle back with him and I
said you probably said this out of hand I may circle back with him and just ping
him on it he's like I want to be the apple of the cloud and I'm like that is a
rallying cry I can get behind right I love that idea and just real quick a
rallying cry or that's this is where Andy Groves they're talking about OK
ours and we can't use OK ours anymore because if they've been so
corporatized and tool eyes they've lost their entire meaning but all it means
is the organization agrees on what's important along with some measurements
on how they know if they're making progress towards that get cool I'm not
gonna walk through the exercise is be the apple of the cloud because that's
great I mean it helps people align if you can have a clear message on what's
important and the team aligns around it you're gonna have fewer fiefdoms the
problem with something big like be the apple of the cloud right that's up I
was gonna do a whole workshop there we don't have time for that man I just want
to talk about fiefdoms I think we did that we told some stories that some were
sort of relevant to that and some were just made up shit that someone skipped
through plus 30 seconds plus 30 seconds right and I will say I mean just like
what we've talked about with modern testing right the new world is better
than the old world the new world is gonna be so much better yeah it's no it is the
new the current world better than the old world the new world as long as you
know what about the new new world yeah it's we'll figure that man we will we
will we will oh all right let's call it let's call it I am still Alan and I am
not see you next time